Mom.
How dare you fight with my grandson over soup?
Return the bowl.
I’ll show you what happens
if you try to take it again.
Stop!
Let me see.
Don’t be afraid,
Mom’s here.
What’s going on now?
You people are too much.
Bullying a child too?
Li Bei Qīng,
this is the Zhang family.
You have no place here.
The Zhang family?
I wonder after tonight
if there will still be a Zhang family?
What do you mean?
Why don’t you make a call and find out?
Now there’s not a single cent in your account,
and all your assets
have been seized.
You,
are bankrupt.
Zhang Wen Xu,
you illegally kidnapped a child
and engaged in malicious bidding.
The police are on their way.
Impossible.
You two are working together to trick me, right?
You think I’ll believe it?
Want to answer the call?
President Zhang,
the police just came and seized Jian An Group.
We’re bankrupt.
No way, no way.
Impossible.
Absolutely not.
You did this, didn’t you?
Don’t move.